[Android] Add breaking changes page on default ABI filters (#12350)
flutter/website: src/content/release/breaking-changes/default-abi-filters-android.md

  The Flutter Gradle Plugin now automatically configures abiFilters
  for Android builds, which might override custom abiFilters settings.
---

## Summary

Starting in Flutter 3.35, the Flutter Gradle Plugin automatically sets
[`abiFilters`][] for Android builds to prevent the inclusion of unsupported
architectures in release APKs. This change can override custom
`abiFilters` specified in your app's `build.gradle` file.

## Context

This change was introduced to solve an issue where third-party
dependencies with x86 native libraries would cause Google Play to
incorrectly identify Flutter apps as supporting x86 devices. When users
with x86 devices installed these apps, they would crash at runtime
because Flutter's native libraries aren't available for x86.

The Flutter Gradle Plugin now automatically configures `abiFilters` to
include only the architectures that Flutter supports. This prevents
Google Play from making apps available to incompatible devices.

## Description of change

The Flutter Gradle Plugin now programmatically sets `abiFilters` for
non-debuggable builds when the `--splits-per-abi` option is not enabled
by default to:
- `armeabi-v7a`
- `arm64-v8a`
- `x86_64`

> Because this automatic configuration happens before your `build.gradle` files
> are processed, it might override custom `abiFilters` settings.

Reviewer: I would just say something more explicitly like this:

```suggestion
Because this automatic configuration happens before your `build.gradle` files
are processed, it might break custom `abiFilters` settings that depend on the set being empty.
```

I think the current structure could be confusing, as one would wonder something that happens before would override settings.
